# Fix Nautilus Thumbnails on Ubuntu Based Distros

This should work for any Linux Distro based on Ubuntu that uses Nautilus as the file manager (it may work on other file manager too, but I'm not tested yet).

If you are not seeing the file thumbnails on Nautilus, specially with video files, the problem could be an absence of codecs, so, here's the trick.

Open the Terminal e run this command:

`sudo apt install libdvdnav4 libdvd-pkg gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad gstreamer1.0-plugins-ugly libdvd-pkg`

And then, runs this one:

`sudo apt install ubuntu-restricted-extras`

Explanation: The first command will install a series of libraries that will be useful for some file formats and some codecs, the second is a meta-package that contains also codecs (this package is only available on Ubuntu and it's flavors and direct derivatives) and will also install the Microsoft Fonts on the system. 

Libdvd-pkg may be locked after you finish the command, if it did, run this:

`sudo dpkg-reconfigure libdvd-pkg`

## Are the thumbnails still missing?

If, by any chance, the thumbnails are still missing, it may be a good idea to clear the cache.

Inside your home folder you should be able to find the “.cache” file, it's a hidden one, so, use the “CTRL+H” to show it.

Inside of the “.cache” folder you'll find a lot of cache files from various sources, you just need to erase the “thumbnails” folder.

As an alternative to this, you could just erase the “.cache” folder entirely, all of its files are normally regenerated by the programs, including the “.cache” folder itself.

Close Nautilus, open it again, and you are done. :)
